(Disclaimer: I have no idea how this whole website works (I'm lacking the vocabulary for all this). I just pressed some buttons and it opened this. I hope this is the right place to post this haha :D)

Hello CoFH Team,

I really love Thermal Dynamics' itemducts but there is one thing that is really bugging me:
(I'm playing the Direwolf20 1.10.0 modpack for 1.7.10)

I want to run multiple alloy smelteries (enderio) parallel to each other to smelt loads of the same alloy, but I found no good way to split stacks of items and send them in groups into multiple inventories (For example: exactly 10 redstone, 3 copper ingots and 1 silver ingot (for signalum) into multiple alloy smelters). 
I want that -from the input chest- multiple items get sent together in small "packages" round-robin to said alloy smelters, speeding up the whole process (I hate waiting). 

My idea is: Add an item (I'll call it a package. If you find a better name feel free to change it ;) ) which you can right-click to open an UI. In this UI you can specify the items and the amount to be packed into groups (For example: 10 redstone, 3 copper ingots and 1 silver ingot (for signalum)). After that you put the package into a servo. The servo will check the inventory for the specified items and only send them when all required items are present. 

It would probably be neat to have package servos and package receivers.
Package servos specify:
1. the speed at which the packages are sent,
2. if it should multiply the amount of items in the package (x2, x3, ..., but the ratio stays the same), if possible, 
3. if it should ignore inventories without package receivers, prioritise inventories with package receivers or send packages                  disregarding any of that,
4. round-robin, empty inventories first, nearest first

Package receivers specify: 
1. if the inventory has to be completely empty to accept another package, accept identical packages (until the stack-limit is reached) or    accept at any time
2. black- or whitelist packages (to use that you put the package into the receiver. Unlike the servo, the receiver doesn't store it)

The ultimate awesome would be, if it was possible to right-click an empty package onto the inventory you want it to send to. It would open that inventory instead of the normal package-UI and you can select the exact slot for every item you want to send (I have no clue if that is even remotely possible but man, that would soo cool!)

I'm not sure how many uses it would have outside of smelting alloys but I would really appreciate if you could add this.
(I'm not a native speaker and I hope it's clear what I'm trying to say. Sorry for any mistakes)
Thank you so much for your time and keep up the good work!

Greetings from Germany,

Moritz
